in the 1700s at the end of this 18th
century there was a prison up beside
Christ George opioid corn market and it
was a debtors prison installed a black
dog please I was a fella called a locker
was knives in the prison an onica was
sentenced to be hanged so the following
morning when they went into a cell to
find him to found that he was gone head
of them and he was dead for he had taken
his own life would annoy he had got from
somewhere and he just caught his throat
and he had bled to death so it was a
hole of a lil and there was an
investigation they wanted to know how he
had killed himself because he was
sentenced to death and the law was or
not he was to be hanged and that's all
there was to it but they could not find
what had happened so to follow annoys
her a couple of nights after that then
their steps to used to be steps up from
coke street who point to thomas street
and was a century on the top of it and
the century was found on the ground and
he was paralyzed on one side and what he
said was a black pig had attacked him a
very large black page had attacked them
while the good man was taken away in
another century was put in his place and
then the next thing is the century that
had replaced the man at the top of coca
street steps went missing they went
doctor look for a Manali phone was his
rifle standing there and his short
draped around a rifle and everything
else belong on til lying on the ground
so the story was the paved most of
attacked him and most have devoured him
as well and honors went laid out in the
next two years the pig started to be
reported as attaching single women
around the city and a woman was in a
cart one day and she swore that she had
lost a shy to the dollar curse you said
and ever after that the black pig was
known as the delica know the fella
Dakota's throat was a locker so they
said it was the ghost of a locker was
coming around the place and other car
was now attacking women because he had
been sentenced for the death of a young
woman so they decided one night a crowd
the men in a pope to decided that adult
horn out and to kill every Pig that they
could lay hands on all up and down the
place and by a process of elimination
they reckon they'd get the black pig the
darker so they were dealt to kill the
pigs and there was slaughtered and it
was blood and it was screeched and it
was roared in a poor animals being
attacked and dispatched and were left
laying on the ground but a really
strange thing happened and for the
following morning when they came out
there was in this cake not a carcass nor
any sign of the dead pigs to be found
anywhere up or down the streets so the
thing got worse and worse and worse than
I searched and I searched and I searched
but so intense was the searches that the
attacks started to fall off today's
started to grow longer and was more
relief and the attacks fell away so they
thought maybe they had killed a black
pig in the had kill the Dalek and there
was no more ago version until a woman
was gone boy Fisher Sally down boy he
would key and she was dragged into the
darkness once the dark evening to come
again and it was again it was a black
pig and then this attacks from the
locker started again and people started
to get worried and frightened and one
wet and windy night a blacksmith came in
from out of town and he was drinking in
wine in taverns trees and when it came
time for him to go home the noise was
too wet and he got al end of a cult but
it was a woman's Colt and he draped it
around the shoulders like that and he
was stepping out and it was still too
wet so somebody for a half stuck a hat
on his head and it was a woman's hat he
had on his head so now we had a woman's
hat him he had to throw down this and he
had his head down against the wind and
the breeze and the wetness of the noise
well he wasn't gone terrible fire when a
black pig left there with the shadows
and attacked him and started to go at
him
but if a black Smith is anything he has
a foreign fist like that and he has an
even bigger fist on the other side for a
spare so he clattered into the black pig
over to self-defense and they'll want a
black pig on the ground and when he had
the black pig on the ground he gave it a
cup of the cakes and the black pig was
squealing squealing and he started to
shout saying the dollar car is here the
dollar is here well people turned out
and it didn't exactly Rochelle put or
help you looked at he was he was God so
they moved up a little bit and became
open they were there and then they took
a few kicks out of themselves and when
they were going to move him didn't they
find that a pigskin a black pig skin
fell off a man they discovered that he
knew and they discovered that he was
somebody that had a hand act and part in
the whole thing for he was the century
that had stood on the top of the steps
of coops trees and he was the century
that owned the short and the gun that
was left on its own and when he had
vanished and he results over he said
before he died the man that gave the all
occur the knife that he used to cut his
own throat on the night before he died
and he was also he said for good measure
the leader of a gang that gathered oh
all of the pigs that were slain and
talked him down around the corner the
schoolhouse lane and sold them around
the markets then after that and so he
died and so ended the story of the
daleko but to this day if you walk
around this area noise and the wind
blows of the Lloyd snicker my teams
the Dalek still